[opening theme music playing]
If I do not mind dying,
then can I keep doing
what I have been doing?
I told you that
I'm willing to risk it all,
and that the two of us are
in this together.
I will keep going even if it kills me.
And you should do the same as well.
I think it's better
if you stick to your confession,
and keep loving me to death.
Mu-deok, those eyes,
don't look at me like that.
You told me that you'd love me to death,
but I'm sure
they'll see the lie with those eyes.
Then, young master.
How is a girl who loves a boy to death
supposed to look at him then?
[inhales] Well, first of all…
uh, glaring at me
like that will definitely not do.
They say one's eyes should be
brimming with sweetness. [chuckles]
That's too much, right?
Ugh, why did you even
have to say it in the first place?
If you'd told them you had mild feelings,
it would have been easier.
[scoffs]
Say that I try to
look at you with sweetness,
and keep loving you to death.
What will become of Mu-deok from now on?
From now on?
Wow. So you want me to
carry on without a plan
when Maidservant Kim is trying
so hard to marry you off?
What do you think
will happen to Mu-deok, then?
Oh, do not worry, your young master won't
get married just yet.
"Not just yet"?
You didn't want to drink
the chaste herb tea
so you could get married.
So, Mu-deok, are you telling me…
you want some kind of a promise
of a future for us or something?
If I am to keep on loving you,
of course, I need to be certain
that you are mine.
Do you not think this is something
that should be decided so hastily?
So you're refusing?
I mean, why do you always
have to be so… dramatic?
I'm just saying
I cannot do it right now, right here.
Maidservant Kim… I need to
talk to Maidservant Kim first, too.
[scoffs] Unbelievable.
Forget it!
"Eyes brimming with sweetness,"
yeah, right.
I'll look at you like a dog
barking up the wrong tree.
A dog?
Oh, right. Dog!
I've been forgetting
about something important.
Master, this isn't the time to argue.
The dog that time was the dog.
What nonsense are you barking about?
The dog Master Lee had back there
in Danhyanggok. Do you remember?
That Sapsali?
Yes, that dog…
was Gwigu.
Master Lee has always known
that you're actually a soul shifter
from the beginning.
He might…
even know that you are Naksu.
[brooding music playing]
[Jin] What brings Jinyowon's leader
to Songrim at this time of the day?
I guess she must be here for you.
[Ho-gyeong] I heard
that you took our relic, Gwigu,
into the royal palace today.
It was to find traces
of sorcery in the royal palace.
I warned you not to involve Jinyowon
in any cases related to the soul shifters.
Why is Songrim using Jinyowon at will?
The mage families
of the Unanimous Assembly
must strive to stop sorcery.
If Songrim is striving to do just that,
it's obvious for Jinyowon to offer
their assistance, is it not?
What is obvious is that
you intend to use us again.
In that case, I will take Gwigu with me.
[Ho-gyeong]
Don't make a fuss and hand over Gwigu.
Or should I try to look for it myself?
[Master Lee] Gwigu is right here.
[Gwigu barking]
Gwigu is a precious relic
created by Master Seo Gyeong.
So, it also belongs to Songrim.
You dare suggest that our relic
belongs to Songrim?
Are you saying that Jinyowon is just
some kind of storehouse for others?
That is not what he meant at all.
So that's why you're so shameless.
Because you think
everything in Jinyowon is Songrim's.
It seems that Songrim mages
love to just take things without asking.
You have said
something similar before as well.
That there was a Songrim mage
who had taken something from Jinyowon.
[tense music playing]
Who was that person?
Over there. I'm looking right at him.
The man who snuck into
Jinyowon like a thief
and stole Gwigu from us.
How dare you!
You dare call Master Lee a thief!
If taking what belongs to others
without permission is not thievery,
then what is?
Mother, please, calm yourself.
[Heo Yeom] But the person who moved it
from the broken pottery into the body
-of that dog was Master Lee.
-[Gwigu growls]
It was Songrim that broke it.
-[Heo Yeom] How dare you!
-[growls]
[barks, growls]
[loud rumbling]
[growls]
[tense music playing]
[gasps]
[breathes heavily]
It is dead, master.
[Heo Yeom sighs]
I was protecting my daughter.
Master Lee, did you give Gwigu
an order to attack us just now?
Gwigu attacked because it sensed sorcery.
So, that means she…
has traces of sorcery.
[suspenseful music playing]
[U-tak] It must have sensed the sorcery
of the worm that sucked her blood.
Young Lady Jin.
Have you…
ever performed sorcery?
Did you say sorcery?
That is complete nonsense!
Then, why would Gwigu try to attack her?
Songrim must be trying
to frame my daughter right now.
[Cho-yeon] Everyone, please, stop!
Master Lee is absolutely right.
The truth is…
not too long ago, I did use sorcery.
[Heo Yeom] Huh.
But it wasn't anything
malicious to hurt anyone.
[paper rustles]
It's quite popular these days.
[Cho-yeon] It's a Lovers' Charm
that helps one's love.
I think it may have been because of this.
[exhales]
-[inhales]
-[breathes shakily]
[U-tak] It seems our daughter has caused
a misunderstanding.
Our apologies.
[somber music playing]
You stayed alive
in the body of this once-dead dog,
but now all your energy is gone.
Gwigu… has now completely vanished.
[Cho-yeon] What do we do?
So, is it all my fault that Gwigu died?
Jin Cho-yeon!
How dare you disgrace Jinyowon?
[gasps]
[soft music playing]
[Jang Uk] Gwigu is dead?
[Seo Yul] Yes.
Master Lee said he will bury it
in the daylight tomorrow.
[Mu-deok] So this dog was Gwigu.
[Gwigu growling]
It must have known that I was
a soul shifter from the moment it saw me.
But it never barked at me after that.
Was it covering for me, too?
Even though it is dead, it is still Gwigu.
It's dangerous if its power remains.
Do not touch it.
The people from Jinyowon,
did they just leave?
They are discussing
another issue right now.
Another issue?
It turns out Dang-gu and Cho-yeon
were in a relationship.
-What?
I was the one who destroyed
a relic of Jinyowon,
so no harm was done to Songrim.
[Ho-gyeong]
Now that we are done, we shall get going.
Let's go.
-Yes.
-[Heo Yeom] Uh, Wait, Lady Jin.
At least, have some tea before you leave.
We should clear misunderstandings
and make meaningful bonds.
Make bonds?
[Heo Yeom] These two are in love,
are they not?
The charm that you took out before
was for your relationship
with Dang-gu, was it not?
Right. It's all because of me.
Cho-yeon hasn't done anything wrong.
Don't get involved.
I, too, learned of this recently.
He was talking nonsense about how
they could be together
if your late daughter returns,
so I made sure
to reprimand him personally.
My late daughter? Bu-yeon is alive
and we will find her soon.
Do you truly believe
that Jin Mu will find Bu-yeon?
He is undoubtedly playing you
for a fool right now, Lady Jin.
Was it also Jin Mu
who gave you the idea to search
Songrim for Gwigu at this hour?
Please, don't meddle
in Jinyowon's affairs.
[sighs] Now, let us not fight. All right?
Will it not be wonderful news
if Lady Jin finds her daughter?
And Lady Jin, what good can come out
of making enemies with Songrim? Huh?
Be cordial as we were like before.
Who knows, hmm?
Cho-yeon and Dang-gu may unite
the two families together.
I may have to decline.
Cho-yeon will definitely have
a better suitor.
Come now. Who is better than
the Park family of Songrim? Gosh!
A daughter of my family
is good enough to be
the bride of the Crown Prince.
Mother, what are you
talking about right now?
I do not want to.
The Crown Prince is unkind.
-I don't like him at all.
-Jin Cho-yeon.
I'm going to get married
to someone I love.
[gasps]
[Dang-gu] Yes.
And I am that someone she loves.
Park Dang-gu!
We will talk about this at home.
Let go of his hand this instant.
[Jin] Let her go for now.
Put down her hand and let her go.
[exclaims]
Let go of that hand.
Let go!
[Ho-gyeong] Cho-yeon.
If you are going to do what you wish,
do not even bother coming home.
[U-tak] Uh…
-[sighs]
-[door opens]
I think it will be better
that we leave for now.
[Heo Yeom] Mm.
Will you really not come with us?
I will not do what Mother wants this time.
Please, understand me.
[sighs]
Once your mother has calmed down,
I will send word.
Please take care of her for now.
I will.
Sorry, Uncle, I apologize for the trouble.
But I have to protect my lady.
-You get out now!
-[exclaims]
[Cho-yeon clears throat]
Where should we stay tonight, Dang-gu?
[Dang-gu] I don't know.
Since he told us to leave, I suppose,
for now, we could go to an inn
-and get a room--
-[gasps]
-Get a room, you said?
-Sorry?
[exasperated sigh]
Oh! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Not one room, but separate rooms.
I really don't want to stay
in such a place.
But there's nowhere else
we can go at this time of night.
And it's getting cold…
It's cold.
Where can we go?
[maid Kim] Young Master Park!
They said Young Master Jang just got out,
but he's not in his room.
Have you seen him around?
[whimsical music playing]
Is there something wrong with you two?
Oh. Goodness.
-[stutters, softly] Maidservant Kim…
-What…
Maidservant Kim.
You're scaring me.
Gosh, even you, Young Lady Jin?
[stutters] What is going on?
Maidservant Kim…
The relic Gwigu,
which caused mayhem at the palace,
was destroyed by Lady Jin
as she was trying to retrieve it.
Gwigu was really destroyed?
How could she destroy
a treasure that detects sorcery?
Detecting sorcery is just an excuse.
It was a relic that Songrim used
to threaten the royal family.
[Queen] Jin Mu is right.
Songrim wanted to prove they were
more powerful than the royal family.
By pretending to root out sorcery,
they can sway the Unanimous Assembly
to possibly dethrone the king.
Is that why they mentioned
the King's Star?
To threaten me by saying
a new king could potentially emerge?
The reason Master Lee mentioned
the King's Star was to explain
somebody like Master Seo Gyeong
will eventually come and save
the people from the chaos.
It was not to threaten the royal family.
If the one that saves the world
wants to rule it as the next king,
do you think you can stop that?
Gwanju Jang Gang
prophesied that
the King's Star would appear.
[Sun] Master Lee said that as well.
Does Songrim know
about this prophecy, too?
[breathes deeply]
He tried to bear a son
with the energy of the King's Star
from his many concubines.
And now my father is even trying
to find one at Songrim.
It's only natural
for the King to be afraid.
In the eyes of the royal family,
the existence of a King's Star
could be considered treason.
[exhales deeply]
"Treason"?
The people of Daeho do worship
and believe in the heavens,
but the centuries-old monarchy
will not crumble so easily.
It is preposterous to think
that one can become king
for some constellation.
If that person is from Songrim,
it is possible.
Master Seo Gyeong of Songrim
saved the world a long time ago.
But he is still very much
revered within Daeho.
If someone was born under the King's Star
like Master Seo Gyeong,
it could serve as a very convincing reason
to become the King.
So you really think
the King's fears may come true then?
[chuckles softly]
Do not be concerned.
As long as I'm protecting the palace,
the royal family will be fine.
[sighs]
Very well.
I will not be foolish like my father
and live my whole life in constant fear.
When I brought Gwigu to the palace,
I saw as you predicted,
that the Queen is someone who uses sorcery
and one of Jin Mu's people.
But we can't provoke
the royal family just yet.
If Songrim tries
to go after the royal family,
Jin Mu will use
the circumstances of Uk's birth
and turn him into
the enemy of the royal family.
Then Songrim will become
an enemy of the royal family as well
for taking him in.
Jang Gang must come.
Since Jang Gang actually knows
the whole truth,
he must know Jin Mu's weakness as well.
How will you find someone
who has been wandering aimlessly
for decades?
We'll have to hope
he will return on his own.
[Jin] The rumors about soul shifters
have spread throughout Daeho Fortress.
If he hears those rumors,
surely he'll return,
in fear for Songrim and for his son,
Jang Uk, who was left here.
[dramatic music playing]
[chuckles]
[scoffs]
[Jang Uk] I came because I was summoned.
Where is Master Lee?
[exhales, clicks tongue]
He left for Danhyanggok at dawn
and went to bury Sapsali.
What?
He is not here? Was it not Master Lee
who summoned me?
He did summon you.
He told me to give you this.
This is the assassin Naksu's sword
that he retrieved from the Crown Prince.
He said you are the only one
who can keep this sword
and told me to give it to you.
He just left me this sword?
Did he-- did he say
anything else before leaving?
He did not. I do not understand
what makes him so fond of you
when he has no intention
to take you in as his pupil.
From what I can see,
you will not even practice chastity.
I heard from Park Jin that
you are head over heels for a woman.
If you were in love with Mu-deok,
why did you lead on my Yun-ok?
-I swear that I never led her on.
-[Heo Yeom] What nonsense!
You charmed Yun-ok.
And how did you manage
to charm my Master Lee?
I did not do anything.
Accusing me of charming people like that,
just because they are being nice to me…
Master Heo, I think that's unfair of you.
You need to be careful
with Yun-ok's feelings
and be respectful to Master Lee.
Yes.
Master Lee is not as close-minded
as all the other masters at Songrim.
And he seems to be
open-minded and quite gracious.
I certainly do have
a lot of respect for him.
[Heo Yeom scoffs]
I can see you have no idea
how strict he can be, hmm?
He knows how to be merciless towards those
who stray away from the right path.
So you must learn to be careful.
Go ahead.
Oh, I forgot.
I almost screwed up.
There was a message he wanted me
to pass on as he gave Naksu's sword to me.
Why would Master Lee give you my sword?
He probably wants me
to hold on to your sword
since I have you, Naksu, by my side.
I guess that means he'll continue
to leave us alone as always.
That is good.
[Heo Yeom] There was a message
he wanted me to pass on.
Tell him that he must keep the sword safe.
And then if anyone ever tries
to use the sword,
he must kill them at once.
If he fails to follow through…
then he is going to die as well.
[Jang Uk] It was a warning
that he will not let us live
if Mu-deok ever uses that sword
as the assassin Naksu.
The sword feels strange,
even though it's mine.
He must have let me live
because he knows I can't use it.
It means you will be safe
if you stay as Mu-deok.
It means if I become Naksu,
I'll be in danger.
Once I find the ice stone
and regain my power,
I will also gain a lot of enemies again.
What happens to me then
will have nothing to do with you.
Why?
Because we'll no longer be
master and pupil?
You'll no longer have to protect me.
Nor will I have a reason
to go easy on you.
Because that was our promise
from the very beginning.
Then promise me one more thing.
With all the duty and loyalty
that we have built up,
and now as two people
who love each other to death,
you can grant me one more wish, right?
Fine. What is it?
When you regain your energy,
if you must draw that sword
and point it at someone,
point it at me before anyone else.
You stab me,
and I'll take responsibility
for setting Naksu upon the world,
and I will die.
If you don't,
well, at that time,
I'll make you another promise.
The assurances
that you really wanted to hear
from your young master
about our future, you know.
For now, I will look for the ice stone
so you do not run wild…
because I promised you that as well.
[soft music playing]
The runaway couple, my lord,
is staying at our house right now.
Dang-gu is there with Cho-yeon?
Mm.
Why did you take them in, Maid Kim?
Well, then,
should I have left them to go into town
to build a lover's nest
and become the talk of the town?
-Hmm.
-I ask you
to keep an eye on them
and take care of them.
They're a sweet couple.
And those two look good together.
Why are you so against it?
The two of them can't be together.
So you're gonna
kick them out just like that?
My lord, you must stop this right now.
The other night, too, you held Mu-deok
and Young Master Jang for no reason.
You must become
more tolerant as you get older.
Goodness me. [clicks tongue]
[Jang Uk] I like Mu-deok a lot.
[Mu-deok] I truly like Young Master Jang.
Maid Kim.
What would you do if Uk falls in love
with a woman he should not be with,
like Dang-gu?
Could you really be tolerant?
Hmm…
As long as Young Master Jang loves her,
I am not against it.
-Are you sure?
-Of course.
I'm sure you will.
I know that you care about their family,
their appearance, their age,
and everything like that.
The most important is
what the heart wants.
If you are in love,
appearances do not matter at all.
Even if she's not that beautiful,
or they do have
a really big difference in age.
Hmm.
Is that how you feel right now, too?
Maid Kim?
Pardon?
So, anyone who isn't
as handsome as Jang Gang
and is much older
would still have a chance…
if your heart is moved?
Well…
Hmm…
If my heart is moved…
he'd be more handsome
and seem younger to me.
Something like that.
[laughs]
I understand what you mean by that…
Maidservant Kim.
[whimsical music playing]
[exhales]
Ooh.
Goodness gracious! How could he be
so bold in asking my true feelings?
[inhales deeply]
Why is he saying not handsome?
He's only two years older than me.
[chuckles]
He worries for no reason.
Hmm.
How can Maid Kim say
that she likes Master Lee
so easily in front of me?
Is he really that handsome?
He's more than a hundred years older, too.
[whimsical music playing]
Park Dang-gu.
You little brat!
In times like these,
I wish I could have some of the wine
Uncle always tries to hide in his cabinet…
instead of tea.
What? You already have regrets?
Not at all.
I believed in my heart
that I could really give up everything.
That's the reason
why I took her hand that day.
[Cho-yeon] I didn't know he would
grab my hand so suddenly like that.
I was just upset that
they talked about the Crown Prince.
Then I just said that I don't like him.
But then he grabbed my hand
and said he loved me.
Please, move over a bit.
[Cho-yeon sighs]
I couldn't just let go of his hand.
I mean I was simply
swept up in the moment.
I never thought of
running away with him like this.
[sighs]
How long will you be here for?
Maidservant Kim told me
to serve you two while you are here.
-[sighs]
-[utensils clank]
I don't know.
I don't want to stay here for that long.
We are here like this,
but if I say we should go back home,
I would seem like
a very irresponsible man, right?
If I say I want to go home,
would it break his heart?
[both sigh]
[both] What do I do?
This is for the best.
Serving Young Lady Cho-yeon here
is better than
running into Park Jin at Songrim.
If So-i is the one responsible
for the recent murder
that you are being suspected of,
it's dangerous.
Because you do not know her,
but she does know Mu-deok.
Why is that girl, So-i,
going around killing people?
If the blind girl
who these men were picking on
is the same girl as So-i,
then she couldn't
have killed them herself.
Someone must have helped her.
If the authorities take these bodies,
they will catch the culprit.
Mu-deok would know about So-i.
We should send her to the authorities
and have her questioned.
[Seo Yul] There's no way
she will recognize So-i,
because she's not the Mu-deok
who lived in Sari Village.
She was falsely accused
and has already suffered with this matter.
If necessary, I will go
and ask her for myself.
Hmm.
I don't think you need to step up.
Yul seems already to be on top of it.
[Yeom-su] We will be in trouble
if the Assistant Gwanju
hears of you walking about like this.
We killed everyone who could recognize me.
And I'd walk about
even after I got into Jinyowon.
So I should practice
walking like the blind.
You should buy what you want.
I gave you quite a bit of money.
Still, we should return soon.
But…
why are you using an umbrella
instead of a cane?
Don't touch it.
I like this a lot.
[sighs]
Anyway, since you did help
prove my innocence,
I hope you will be comfortable
while you are here.
Does the Jang family always eat like this?
Hmm, it's too greasy.
[whimsical music playing]
Yes, my lady.
I will prepare a different meal.
Ugh, salty! It's too salty!
-It is not salty.
-It is.
My face gets puffy if it's salty.
I understand, my lady.
[exclaims] This is way too hard to eat.
[groans] Oh, no.
What is this thing?
I think I've lost my appetite.
[Mu-deok] What kind of girl is she?
Why is she acting exactly like Uk?
I'm not hungry.
Do you have something to drink?
Like cinnamon or rice punch?
[exasperated sigh]
They are perfect for each other.
Why did they call it off?
If they had gotten married,
one of them definitely
would have died in a fight.
[sighs]
Mu-deok, the rice punch is--
Sweet, right? And it's too cold for you?
Rice punch is supposed
to be like that, okay?
Why are you getting mad at me?
Are you tired of serving me?
[sighs] Well, you try it out then.
[clears throat]
It's because I get agitated
when I'm anxious.
How can I relax in someone else's home?
Then why don't you just go home?
[sighs]
No way. I'm too scared to go back.
Mother is extremely angry.
[sighs]
Your own mother,
she must truly despise you.
I was never my mother's favorite.
Because I was lacking
compared to my sister.
Even though she was blind,
she could see energy and handle relics.
Even as a child, her abilities
were on par with my mother's.
Well, I've heard the Jin family members
have stronger divine powers
than spell-related powers.
You saw me handle Gwigu, right?
It's like that.
A really powerful priestess
can control people's souls
and render them helpless by trapping them.
-Did you say trapping a soul?
-Mm-hmm.
If the priestess traps their powers,
even the most powerful mage is helpless.
Well, I have heard
there are shamans who can
erase or change memories of a soul.
A Jinyowon priestess
is in a different league.
How did such an amazing girl like her
get into such an accident?
Because she's amazing.
She's definitely alive.
We will see her again.
If Bu-yeon is alive,
I'm sure you will soon.
[Dang-gu exhales]
[Jang Uk exhales]
Uncle looked into Mu-deok
to find out who she is.
[Dang-gu] He asked the broker about her.
Did you know that?
-Yes. Mu-deok told me. Yes.
-[Dang-gu sighs]
He's even more suspicious
since the soul shifter case.
It makes sense.
If there are actually
soul shifters in the palace,
who knows if they are in Songrim, too?
Park Dang-gu, why is the cast-out
successor worrying about it?
I have not been cast out.
-He already regrets it.
-You--
You were so confident yesterday
when you left. Goodness!
-[Jang Uk chuckles softly]
-[exclaims]
Uk is the one that always gets kicked out.
What is happening with me?
It's nothing once you get used to it.
But it's… miserable the first time, huh?
[exhales agitatedly]
Yul, you have no idea how we feel, right?
What do you mean?
Yul's been kicked out once, too.
What? Yul?
Do you not remember
that time I broke the gold-plated inkstone
and we all decided to lie together?
Uncle Jin is going to be so angry with me.
-[whimpers]
-Let us hide it.
We'll bury it in the ground
and pretend to know nothing about it.
That is not the right thing.
We must tell the truth
and ask for forgiveness.
Then Dang-gu will get into
a lot of trouble with the leader.
[sobbing]
You know I cannot tell a lie.
[young Jang Uk] Do not cry, Dang-gu.
I'm sure there is a way.
[Dang-gu] Eventually, the three of us
agreed to cover it up.
But Yul became very ill afterward.
I think Yul is very ill right now.
I think so, too.
[Heo Yeom] My goodness,
why is our Yul so sick? What is wrong?
I heard he cannot eat
or sleep well lately. Huh?
[Dang-gu] Yul was the golden child
who had never done anything wrong.
Just how worried was he that he fell ill?
So, that's why we ended up confessing
because we thought Yul would die.
So we were all kicked out together.
I've been kicked out so many times
that I do not remember it exactly.
But if it's Yul, I doubt he was sick
because of his fear of being caught.
I think it's because
he suffered so much from
having to do something bad
that he already knew
was completely wrong.
He can't even find his way
when he is surprised?
[Dang-gu laughs]
He must have been so worried
and scared about doing something
he knew for certain was wrong
in order to protect his friends.
[laughs softly]
You are right. I remember it clearly.
It was quite painful.
The punishment you gave yourself is
harsher than what
others would actually lay upon you.
Is it some sort of
a heightened state of morality?
[Dang-gu] Gosh, you were already
like that at that age?
You sure are something.
[chuckles softly]
Can you imagine how I felt
burying that inkstone
with my immature friends, huh?
And we got caught soon after
because we didn't bury it well.
-[Jang Uk] What?
-Hmm?
We were caught? You said we confessed.
[Seo Yul] Dang-gu is remembering it wrong.
We did not confess to it.
We were caught because
Sang-ho found the half-buried inkstone.
Is that right?
Oh, did I romanticize the memory?
[scoffs]
I thought this story
had an honorable ending.
[laughs awkwardly]
Gosh, that's embarrassing.
Embarrassing?
What are you embarrassed about?
You have run away from home.
Who will be the next leader
instead of Dang-gu?
Will it be Sang-ho?
[Jang Uk] Oh, do you think so?
I should get on his good side.
I'd better get close to him.
[chuckles]
Hey! You two cannot discard me like this.
You should take my side like back then.
Come on, Uk. Uk!
Having me on your side will not
be much help to you, anyway.
-Hey, Yul. [chuckles]
-I'm not good with words, either.
Especially about love.
[laughs]
[sighs]
[laughs awkwardly]
You're on my side.
[crickets chirp]
[Dang-gu] Yul, you haven't been
sleeping well these days, have you?
Drink as much as you want today
and get a good night's sleep.
Why? You're having trouble?
I'm fine.
I saw you wandering around late at night.
[Dang-gu]
You usually go to bed on the dot.
Is it because you're concerned
about going back to Seoho Fortress?
[laughs softly]
[Seo Yul] I just cut down a soul shifter.
Protecting this world from such monsters
is our duty.
Even though it is dead, it is still Gwigu.
It's dangerous if its power remains.
Do not touch it.
You are feigning ignorance, right?
Like the time we buried the inkstone.
Hey, Yul. It must be tough for you.
[soft music playing]
[Mu-deok] If I regain my energy
and draw this sword,
will I be able to slash
anyone relentlessly like before?
[sighs]
That's the assassin's sword, right?
Why did young master bring it back again?
That sword… terrifies me a bit.
It feels ominous. I don't want it here.
The guests are all asleep.
So you should get to bed, too.
Maybe we need to have a charm written.
[sighs]
Terrifying…
and ominous.
[ominous music playing]
[chuckles softly]
[Go Won] Eunuch Kim
who caused trouble at Cheonbugwan,
is not beside the Queen today, either.
Did you look into it?
They say he's ill and is resting, sire,
but no one knows where he is.
Find out as much as you can about him.
Find out when he came to the palace,
when he started serving the Queen,
and if there is anything odd about him.
Be discrete, Eunuch Oh.
Yes, Your Highness.
Do you remember what Eunuch Kim said
when we saw him back there at Cheonbugwan?
[Eunuch Kim] Did that wench Shaman Choi
order you to kill me?
So, Shaman Choi…
she must be superior to Jin Mu
to have ordered him.
It must be the Queen.
Just as Mu-deok's true identity is Naksu,
could the true identity of the Queen…
really be Shaman Choi?
You might be right.
If the Queen… is a soul shifter.
There was no evidence to suspect
Her Highness the Queen is a soul shifter.
I checked her core of energy
as I was examining her,
but she was a normal person
without notable energy.
She could have appeared that way
if she had the ice stone with her.
Hmm.
The Queen is really the younger sister
of General Seo, isn't that right?
She's Yul's aunt.
She's not related to the Heo family,
but she is a member of the Seo family.
If her soul is shifted,
the soul in the Queen's body now
is someone else.
Then, does that mean
the soul of the Queen is dead?
[Yun-ok] That's not possible.
Each member of the Seo Family
has a personal Lantern of Life, you see.
Because they guard the Seoho Fortress
near the border and go to battle often,
they each have a lantern that is lit
by the energy of their soul
so they know who is alive and dead.
If the Queen had passed away,
they would know immediately
because her lantern would have gone out.
That's right, the Lantern of Life.
They would have moved her soul
and kept it alive.
[Jin]
Just like Master Kang of Daegangtongun
who is lying in Sejukwon right now.
Then, are you certain
that the Queen is really a soul shifter?
If we can know that for sure,
that would mean
we found Jin Mu's greatest weakness.
[Queen] Songrim is suspicious of me.
They will try to prove
that the Queen's a soul shifter.
What is there to worry about?
We already have a body here
for you to transfer your soul.
[eerie music playing]
[Queen] Getting that body into Jinyowon
should not be a problem, right?
I will bring her to Jinyowon today.
If everything goes according to plan,
Jinyowon will finally
get their lost daughter back,
and there will soon be
a funeral at the palace.
Because Her Majesty,
the Queen will have passed away.
What should we do
with my body the Queen's soul is in?
[sniggers]
We should take care of it
since we no longer need it alive.
[ominous music playing]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Your Highness, I've come here today
in place of Eunuch Kim.
It's such a pity.
I really think it would be
better for you to let go of your mind.
[moaning softly]
[sighs]
Huh, this must be Gaema Village.
[Ju-wol] You are looking for a shaman?
Mm-hmm.
Then try going to Gaema Village.
All kinds of shamans gather there
all the time.
And I happen to be on good terms
with the oldest of them all.
If you are looking for someone,
you will find him there.
[woman]
Come on, Fire Priestess is really--
-[man] No, thank you.
-Oh, goodness.
-Uh, excuse me.
-[sighs]
Do you know where Shaman Bong's house is?
Shaman Bong? Gosh!
He doesn't have powers anymore.
You should go to
the Fire Priestess instead.
-I will take you there.
-No, I-- I'm looking for Shaman Bong.
-[woman] I told you, he is not good.
-No, it has to be Shaman Bong. I'm sorry.
-[woman exhales]
-[Jang Uk] Thank you.
Ugh, where am I?
All of the streets look the same to me.
Ugh!
[man] This is ridiculous! When did I say
I wanted to see the Fire Priestess?
[woman] But if you had your fortune read,
you still have to pay, sir!
-[Go Won] Oh? Let go!
-Gosh! Oh…
[Go Won] She did not get
a single thing right. Why should I pay?
[woman] Ah!
Did you go and see Shaman Bong?
Not very good, is he?
The Fire Priestess
is the real deal, right?
Fire Priestess! What Fire Priestess?
[woman] Uh, come on.
[woman laughs awkwardly]
[Go Won] Enough!
[Jang Uk] Did you come
to have your fortune read?
[Go Won] What about you?
Are you here for an exorcism?
What did the Fire Priestess say
to make you so angry?
She said I have no luck in government
and that I should get into business
-when I'm the Crown Prince.
-[clicks tongue]
What did Shaman Bong say to you?
I am on my way to see him.
I have many questions for him.
Jang Uk.
Are you perhaps also here for Eunuch Kim?
Why are you looking for him here?
Since that day at Cheonbugwan,
he has disappeared from the palace.
His traces led me to this place.
Wait, so you came all the way here
alone without any guards?
Because I did not want anyone to notice
that I am suspicious of him.
So you are suspicious because Eunuch Kim
is a soul shifter
and the Queen is trying to cover it up?
Right.
Why are you here?
What are you looking for?
I think there are overlaps
in what we are looking for.
Shall we exchange information?
Share one piece of information each?
Fine. You go first then.
No way. Come on now. If I tell you first,
you'll say, "I am the Crown Prince,"
and not bother to tell me yours.
You don't know that for sure.
[clears throat] All right. Fine.
I was searching for Eunuch Kim,
and I found something strange.
They say that he left the palace
every month to go somewhere.
And that is this place, Gaema Village.
The person I'm looking for is Shaman Choi.
Shaman who?
That is for the next exchange.
So, goodbye then.
Hey, hey, hey. Wait. Hold on.
What can I get from "I'm looking for
Shaman Choi," with no context?
I do not know much about it, either.
-Why are you following me now?
-[Go Won] To meet Shaman Bong.
We don't have to go together
at the same time.
I can just go afterward
and get him to tell me what he told you.
Because I'm the Crown Prince.
-Hmm.
-[sighs]
[Jang Uk]
I do not know where he is, either.
[Go Won] I know you do.
[Jang Uk] I really have no idea.
I have met with both of your families
on the behalf of you two.
What did she say?
Is she still very angry at me?
Is my uncle really going to cast me out?
They said they will be able
to forgive you both
if you can submit a signed letter.
An official letter swearing
never to see each other again.
Here.
Everything is already written,
so, all you have to do is sign each copy
so you can go home.
You can discuss
before making your decision.
As for me, I am willing to provide
food and shelter for a while
if you insist on staying together.
Please, excuse me.
Cho-yeon…
to tell you the truth…
I slightly regretted it.
I was also scared that I may have acted…
rather impulsively.
But…
[soft music playing]
[breathes shakily]
…when I think of never seeing you again…
I don't care about anything else.
I cannot sign this letter.
I cannot live without seeing you.
JIN CHO-YEON OF JINYOWON SWEARS NEVER
TO SEE PARK DANG-GU OF SONGRIM AGAIN
I was also annoyed at first.
But I want to keep seeing you.
[soft music continues playing]
[laughs softly]
The negotiation is off.
Mu-deok, please, go set the table now.
[whimsical music playing]
[sighs]
[Dang-gu] Have some fish.
[chuckles]
Here.
Have some meat as well.
Are you two really
going to be staying here?
Mm-hmm.
We are both going to go home
and bring our belongings here, too.
Wait! So you intend
to live here full-time?
[laughs awkwardly] It's not like that,
but we at least need a change of clothes.
Mu-deok, could you go
with Cho-yeon, please,
and help her carry all her luggage back?
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[pants]
Did you throw away the paper
that was here?
I was about to.
[gasps]
JIN CHO-YEON OF JINYOWON SWEARS NEVER
TO SEE PARK DANG-GU OF SONGRIM AGAIN
[Cho-yeon] I need to think it over again.
If I pack up my things and leave,
I might really get kicked out.
Did you get hurt?
Does it hurt?
Of course, it does.
[Cho-yeon] Oh.
You have a scar.
How did you get that?
I don't know.
It was when I was young. I don't remember.
That's a scar from a laceration.
My sister had one
in the same place because of me.
She fell exactly like you did just now.
A scar has formed on the cut.
Oh.
This will definitely do.
I will try to do my best, Father.
Don't call me that unless it's needed.
It disgusts me.
[scoffs]
Did he have to be so rude about it?
Why did he throw away
such a beautiful silk handkerchief?
Wait.
It has the same design as Mu-deok's.
-Did the lord from Jinyowon leave?
-Yes.
[So-i clears throat]
What is this design?
It is the crest of the Jin family
of Jinyowon, which you will join soon.
You will go there today. Get ready.
Right.
Is that what this was?
[epic music playing]
Why would Mu-deok have something
with the crest of Jinyowon on it?
You have to get my things
without my mother finding out.
Follow me.
[sighs]
I wish she would just stay
since we are already at her house.
[yelling]
How can we believe this guy?
He seems like a hack.
Well, let's see. I heard
that he is something.
You are both piping hot.
You have shared something.
Are you two lovers?
[whimsical music playing]
[both groan in disgust]
[exclaims] Ah.
It is my business policy
never to breach confidentiality.
So you can rest assured.
But the two of you have already shared
something very meaningful, right?
He is good.
Ugh.
I heard you are the one who has been
living in Gaema Village the longest.
Do you happen to know Shaman Choi?
Shaman Choi, you say?
Are you mages patrolling
the town for sorcery?
[Jang Uk laughs awkwardly]
Oh, no. It's nothing like that. No!
I only wanted to find her
because I heard she was good.
[Shaman Bong] Oh, yes, she was.
Over 20 years ago.
[instrument clinking]
Shaman Choi was famous
for her sorcery that put hexes on people.
Then one day, she got caught
by Cheonbugwan mages
who were cracking down on sorcery.
But she jumped into a fire.
Some say she died in that fire.
And others say she was burnt badly
but survived and ran away.
That was when
your father Jang Gang was the Gwanju
of Cheonbugwan, was it not?
If Shaman Choi was hunted
by the mages of Cheonbugwan back then,
are you seeking her because
she bears a grudge against your father?
I do not even remember
what my father looks like.
So how can I know
who bears a grudge against him?
PARK DANG-GU OF SONGRIM SWEARS NEVER
TO SEE JIN CHO-YEON OF JINYOWON AGAIN
Dang-gu, you did not sign the paper.
I thought about signing the paper
and coming back home…
but then I thought
that would just be lying.
Because I cannot live without seeing her.
[Dang-gu sighs]
These feelings did not blossom overnight.
I was in love with her, sir,
for a really long time, you know.
But I could not express it
and could only take her hand just now.
So don't call us childish,
and please, give us a chance, Uncle.
Take your bundle of belongings
and go to Uk's home now.
[breathes shakily]
-Uncle, please, don't--
-There is…
something you must do there.
If this person comes to his house,
let me know immediately.
Who is… who is this?
Cheonbugwan's Gwanju, Jang Gang.
He is Uk's father.
If he comes…
let me know…
right away.
[Shaman Bong] Oh, wait, I forgot.
Shaman Choi actually had
a younger brother.
Do you perhaps know
where we might find him?
I have not seen him in Gaema Village
since the incident, either.
But there used to be a rumor going around
that he married a woman
from a powerful family.
[suspenseful music playing]
I heard the girl you're bringing
this time is most likely her.
Why is she wearing those rags, though?
She almost drowned
in Lake Gyeongcheondaeho once.
She was barely alive
when the fishermen rescued her.
Perhaps having almost died
has caused her to lose all her memories,
but she can sense things around her
as though she can really see,
even though she is blind.
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
You really do have the birthmark here.
[breathes heavily]
[gasps]
And you have a scar in the same place.
So that was why
he said that you are likely
to be Bu-yeon.
However,
it could still be a coincidence.
So why not give her the test
with the surest and only method?
Let's go and see if you can open…
Jinyowon.
[Cho-yeon]
The Cheonbugwan people are here again.
They must have brought
another girl to see if she is Bu-yeon.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Jin Mu] Since you have
Jin Cho-yeon's blood in your body,
you should be able to
move the doors of Jinyowon.
All you have to do is
move the doors even a little bit.
That should be enough.
[suspenseful music continues playing]
Dozens have already been here before,
but none of the girls
could open that door.
[breathes shakily]
[loud ringing]
[celestial music playing]
[gasps]
Oh, Bu-yeon!
[breathes deeply]
Bu-yeon!
[Mu-deok] It is happening again.
Why does this happens
every time I come to Jinyowon?
If it was 20 years ago,
it was when Jin Mu
was your father's pupil.
Jin Mu may know something.
Should I ask him?
Absolutely not.
Please keep what you heard today
just between you and me, please.
Well, what we learned today
doesn't seem important, but I will.
Your Highness, you said
you came here alone, did you not?
I did.
But it seems like someone has been
following us for a while now, right?
Shall we split up here, then?
To see who they are following?
Mm.
[ominous music playing]
[breathes shakily]
[laughs]
[Cho-yeon] Mother!
[tense music playing]
[tense music continues playing]
Who are you and why are you following me?
Who are you?
Tell me.
[suspenseful music continues playing]
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
by Car, the Garden playing]
The Jin Bu-yeon
that Jin Mu has found is really So-i.
[So-i] Why is it in this room though?
Mu-deok is the real daughter.
What will become of me
if she finds that out?
Jin Mu has a card in his hand
so big that even if
Jin Ho-gyeong finds out,
she then can do nothing.
[Ho-gyeong] What do you want?
You, the head of Jinyowon,
must fight Songrim
so that we can all protect the ice stone.
[all yell]
[Jin] Everyone, please, settle down!
[Go Won] Do you mean you wish to become
a hero with the fate of the King's Star
by destroying every ice stone then?
[Master Kang] Is Seo Yul among them?
I'm going to kill him first. [grunts]
[So-i] Young Master!
[So-i screams]
[Yeol] There's a soul shifter.
[Beom] Uk is going to die!
[Mu-deok] Jang Uk, my pupil…